Docs (#3201)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/graphql/limitations.rst

  represented as GraphQL identifiers (e.g. ```N/A``` or ```NOT
  APPLICABLE```) cannot be properly reflected into GraphQL enums.

- EdgeDB :eql:type:`tuples <std::tuple>` are reflected as either
  ``List`` or ``Object`` depending on whether they are unnamed or

>   named, respectively. However, currently mutations are not supported
>   for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  named, respectively. However, inserting or updating tuples is
  not yet supported.
```
